Are you peeping farts?
Lao Tzu is single
Xiaoyun's safety
What's wrong with me decorating around him?
Less bad Lao Tzu, good things
Peeping farts is peeping farts? Say something nice
Locator
Did you put it on the top too?
Kid, be careful when walking at night in the future
Don't throw any dirty shit on me
The matter of Xiaoyun's order will slow down.
Our last bet wasn't over yet
Mr. Zhang
I don't understand why you keep withholding the contract
Compare the combat effectiveness of the bodyguard with me
Do you think it's funny?
Very fun very fun
When can't you hire a bodyguard?
Am I not your bodyguard?
It's a piece.
Hahaha Mr. Gao
He's really going to eat you, I understand
I hope Liao Fan, the newcomer
Can handle these people
He De
Let's play big today
If your new little security guard wins
Orders doubled
And I will never bother you again
What if you lose?
That's easy too
You move in and sleep with me
Don't worry about your orders in the future.
As long as Zhang Shao is bold
Mr. Gao will have maternity leave next year, hahaha, well said.
I love it
Ah hit you
Hundreds of thousands of Rolex
Thank you Zhang Shao Thank you Zhang Shao
Oh, that's nasty
What do I mean, you're nasty?